h1. p2-admin command line

This command line application (*less than 10MB*) provides you the following 14 tools to manage your p2 repositories:

* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.garbagecollector.application
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.InstallPublisher
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.EclipseGenerator
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.ProductPublisher
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.FeaturesAndBundlesPublisher
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.repo2runnable
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.metadataverifier
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.artifact.repository.mirrorApplication
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository.mirrorApplication
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite.UpdateSitePublisher
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.UpdateSitePublisher
* org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher.CategoryPublisher
* org.eclipselabs.equinox.p2.composite.repository

Their documentation is available on the following web pages:

* http://wiki.eclipse.org/Equinox/p2
* http://help.eclipse.org/kepler/topic/org.eclipse.platform.doc.isv/guide/p2_overview.htm

The last one *org.eclipselabs.equinox.p2.composite.repository* is an application providing the same set of features as the composite ant task (see http://wiki.eclipse.org/Equinox/p2/Composite_Repositories_(new))

h2. org.eclipselabs.equinox.p2.composite.repository

This application can be called to create and modify composite repositories.

bc. 
p2-admin -application org.eclipselabs.equinox.p2.composite.repository -location repositoryURI [-add repository-list] [-remove repository-list] [-repositoryName name] [-validate] [-failOnExists] [-compressed]

* *-location* URI of composite repository to create / modify
* *-add* Comma separated list of repositories URI to add to the composite
* *-remove* Comma separated list of repositories URI to remove from the composite
* *-repositoryName* The name of the composite as it should appears to client 
* *-validate* Child repositories claiming to contain the same artifact are compared using the given comparator. Either @org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.tools.jar.comparator@ or @org.eclipse.equinox.artifact.md5.comparator@
* *-failOnExists* Whether we should fail if the repository already exists (Default is false)
* *-compressed* Whether the composite repository should compressed (Default is false)
* *-list* List the repositories the "location" is composed of. Options other than @location@ are ignored when you use this option.

h2. Requirements

* Java SE 6

h2. Build

Clone this repository and launch @mvn clean package@ in the root folder.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2014 Obeo. All rights reserved. This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the terms of the Eclipse Public License v1.0 which accompanies this distribution, and is available at http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html 
